- [Instructor] There a few notable in Spring 5 with JSON
and Protocol Buffer handling.
So there were a couple of upgrades.
The Jackson libraries were upgrade by default of 3.9,
and Protobuf or Protocol Buffers were upgraded to version 3.
One of the bigger changes however in this arena,
is the implementation of JSON-B.
The JSON-B is native support for JSON
within the Java Framework.
It follows many of the same concepts that we got with JAXB
which was the XML Java Libraries,
and this is really good about maintaining
consistency between the two.
This is specified by JSR 367 and Spring
provides full support.
Now there is a couple of Current Implementations.
There's Eclipse Yasson, which the reference implementation
and that's what we're going to use here in a moment,
and then there's also a Johnzon, from Apache,
which is a similar implementation from them.
So let's jump into code and see what we need to do,
to go use JSON-B within a Spring application.
Now in our application, we're going to open up our pom file.
We're going to scroll down a little bit here,
and we're going to add a few dependencies,
and we're going to do so at
the end of our compiled dependencies.
So the first dependency that we're going to add here,
is javax.json.bind-api,
and that comes from the group javax.json.bind.
And we'll select version 1.0.
Now the next dependency along the similar lines,
is going to be yasson itself,
and that comes from org.eclipse,
and the version on that is 1.0.
And the final dependency that we're going to add
is javax.json and this is from org.glassfish,
and the version on that we're going to select is 1.1.
Now we'll allow Maven to do its thing,
and bring in all its dependencies.
And once those are resolved, we're actually going to go
open up our application of properties file.
We need to add a property to let Spring know,
that we want to use JSON-B.
So it's spring.http.converters.preferred-json-mapper,
and we're going to select jsonb.
Now with that there's actually a bug and we're
going to need to address that real quick.
You cannot do immutable objects with JSON-B, currently.
I've logged a bug against what I saw,
and I'm hoping that gets fixed here shortly.
So we're going to convert this to a data object,
from a value object.
What that does, now I get getters and setters,
a default constructor and an AllArgs constructor,
all within this object.
So, it really reverts us back to
pre using immutable objects.
Let's jump into our Presidents Controller now.
We're going to make, just a couple of changes here.
We're going to go ahead and add a GetMapping in here.
GetMapping is going to return a list,
of President objects.
Call it getAllPresidents.
We don't need any parameters,
and we will simply return the Presidents.
Excellent, so now that's done,
we can go startup our application.
Expand this view of the console a little bit.
And now that our application is started,
we're going to jump over to our terminal.
We're going to do a couple of commands here.
The first one that we're going to do,
so that I can use my http tool once again,
and I'm going to POST to localhost:8080/presidents and
id:=1 firstName=George lastName=Washington
and we'll go ahead and do that verbose.
And it looks the exact same as we saw before.
But now we're using a different parser,
and we don't really see much to that,
it's just that it's nice to have within
the Spring Framework.
Just to show you that it really does return the same thing,
we'll go ahead and do an http on localhost:8080/presidents
- V for verbose
and we return that object.
It looks much the same way as we would expect it.
Its an array, because it was a list, that array has
an object in it,
and that object matches what we've saved.
So, that's really the JSON-B binding,
and that's how it works in the Spring Framework.